in a village under a castle a little
mouse named Despereaux was born ha ha
he's so puny and look at those ears now
when it comes to being a mouse
ready class good excellent there's a
right way and a wrong way
you didn't cower looks like a sword it's
a carving knife it's beautiful but
Despereaux can only do things Despereaux
don't do it his way
this Christmas Oh Despereaux there's so
many wonderful things in life to be
afraid of if you just learn how scary
they are Kate DiCamillo
newberry award-winning book is coming to
the big screen in a world where fear is
the rule just for a second just try
being brave oh this is bad
he's the exception Oh No your rat no a
mouse I am a gentleman you can't talk to
a human it will throw you in the dungeon
you can eat my rock The Tale of
Despereaux didn't cower didn't cower
wouldn't scurry oh here's one few
pictures of cats on his notebook no cat
can't imagine I'm afraid so
named it fluffy oh you're a strange
little mouse thank you